as a leader you should start understanding you know what those bigger
goals are suppose just working on something you know at the at the more
subordinate levels so sometimes you might have to go out of your
way to find out what those over arching goals are you need to ask those
questions you need to go to your leadership and ask them what their
expectations are of you and what they want to see happen not within
just your individual division or platoon or department but for
the command as a whole so you got to really understand what those goals
are not always is someone going to force feed that to you might
have to go out of your way to find out what are my commands goals and
how can I effectively make an impact in those goals or what are some
deficiencies at my command has and how can I kind of you know chip
away at those deficiencies and turn them from something negative into
a positive and and move in that direction